she's ever make anything happen
anything you couldn't explain you're a
wizard Harry I'm a wot
dear mr. Potter we are pleased to inform
you that you have been accepted a
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry in a few moments you will pass
through these doors and join your
classmates keep an eye on the staircases
they like to change
[Music]
good afternoon cars welcome to your
first flying lesson take your right hand
over the broom and say
[Music]
exactly what do you think you're better
do you really have to stop
waited mr. Potter our new celebrity
first years should note that the dark
forest is strictly forbidden but no
magics to be used between the classes of
the corridors
[Music]
the third-floor corridor out of bounds
to everyone who does not wish to suffer
a most painful death understand this
sorry cuz it's very important not all
Wizards are good on gates bed before
either of you come up with another
clever idea to get us killed was
expelled seeing this or her priorities
I think it is here that we can expect
great things from you
[Music]